soil-maker-box.md, before:

# Soil Maker Box

The Soil Maker Box is the primary tool of the Soil Maker. This is where food scraps and carbon sources turn into living soil. Traditionally, a compost heap or pile was a good process to create soil, but that's not a suitable approach for many people today given limited space, dense urban environments, pests, and many other factors.

There are many commercially available "composters", or soil-making solutions, available for purchase, but most fall short due to complexity of use, limited capacity, limited airflow, difficulty in harvesting, requiring turning, and more.

MakeSoil has developed a Soil Maker Box that takes the best knowledge we have about making soil and combines it with clever features so that anyone with a little bit of space can start making soil in their own home. 

![Soil Maker Box CAD image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MakeSoil/public-pages/master/images/ms-soil-maker-box.png)

The MakeSoil Soil Maker Box design is free-to-use for personal and commercial use, and a suggested donation of $20 USD or 10% of sale price if you sell the bins for profit.

# Build it Yourself
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o8ayV6HfW81whocVO45VTXVj04JhL7x7xU_PqTRg0is/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank">Google Doc Guide</a></li>
  <li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p_UQAbEUt_omksB3pV5kMDb7WTXJHrTj/view?usp=sharing" target="_blank">PDF Guide</a></li>
</ul>

# Find Someone to Build it for You

If you don't find a Bin Maker near you in the list below, please search and ask around for local woodworkers or makers in your neighborhood - you might have a makerspace near you, for example - who might be able to help. And if all goes well, recommend them to be listed on this page by sending an email to hello@makesoil.org

## United States

### Colorado
#### Loveland
* Matt - beeman1_loveland@yahoo.com

### Florida
#### St. Petersburg
* James - makesoilbinmaker@gmail.com

### Texas
#### Austin
* Chase - panozzo.chase@gmail.com

Commit message:

More copy changes, and image added

soil-maker-box.md, after:

# Soil Maker Box

The Soil Maker Box is the primary tool of the Soil Maker. This is where food scraps and carbon sources turn into living soil. Traditionally, a compost heap or pile was a good process to create soil, but that's not a suitable approach for many people today given limited space, dense urban environments, pests, and many other factors.

There are many commercially available "composters", or soil-making solutions, available for purchase, but most fall short due to complexity of use, limited capacity, limited airflow, difficulty in harvesting, requiring turning, and more.

MakeSoil has developed a Soil Maker Box that takes the best knowledge we have about making soil and combines it with clever features so that anyone with a little bit of space can start making soil in their own home. 

![Soil Maker Box image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MakeSoil/public-pages/master/images/SoilMakerBoxNC.png)

![Soil Maker Box CAD image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MakeSoil/public-pages/master/images/ms-soil-maker-box.png)

#### You are free to use our MakeSoil Soil Maker Box design either to build one for your own personal use OR to sell on to others. In return, we invite you to make a suggested donation of $20 USD per Soil Maker Box. You can do this via our Donate page here: [https://www.makesoil.org/donate]

# Build it Yourself
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o8ayV6HfW81whocVO45VTXVj04JhL7x7xU_PqTRg0is/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank">Google Doc Guide</a></li>
  <li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p_UQAbEUt_omksB3pV5kMDb7WTXJHrTj/view?usp=sharing" target="_blank">PDF Guide</a></li>
</ul>

# Find Someone to Build it for You

If you don't find a Bin Maker near you in the list below, please search and ask around for local woodworkers or makers in your neighborhood - you might have a makerspace near you, for example - who might be able to help. And if all goes well, recommend them to be listed on this page by sending an email to hello@makesoil.org

## United States

### Colorado
#### Loveland
* Matt - beeman1_loveland@yahoo.com

### Florida
#### St. Petersburg
* James - makesoilbinmaker@gmail.com

### Texas
#### Austin
* Chase - panozzo.chase@gmail.com
